# Return to Kronos
### Spatiotemporal pattern-of-life analysis
##### The University of Denver - MS Data Science <br>COMP 4449 - Data Science Capstone <br>Summer Quarter 2023  
The original prompt and data for this task can be found [here](https://github.com/emmanueliarussi/DataScienceCapstone/tree/master/7_FinalProjects/ReturntoKronos).
---  

#### Term project deliverables
- Project presentation: *Aaron_LaFevers_Final_full.pptx*
- Documented notebook: *Aaron_LaFevers_Final.ipynb* **within the .ZIP**
- Final Report: *Aaron_LaFevers_Final.pdf*

### This repo also contains
- *Aaron_LaFevers_Final.html* - a rendered HTML export of the final notebook, as the final notebook exceeds the 100MB limit for Github.
- *Aaron_LaFevers_Final.zip* - a zip file containing: the final notebook *Aaron_LaFevers_Final.ipynb*, the working notebook *kronos_working.ipynb*, and the pickles directory.
- *kronos_working.ipynb* - the full development workbook with data cleaning and preparation included.  This is abstracted from the final notebook.  **within the .ZIP**
- *coord_script.js* - a custom script for Adobe Photoshop that exports the coordinate bounds of each layer.
- *requirements.txt* - python library dependencies for this project.
- *figures/* - a directory containing the final figures in PNG format, prepared for the report.
- *kronos/* - a directory containing a library of custom python functions for use in the analysis.
- *pickles/* - a directory with pickled dataframes representing the cleaning and processed data used in the analysis.  These are imported into the final notebook directly.  **within the .ZIP**
- *task1/* - a directory containing the original task datasets, with the addition of .PSD Photoshop files and accompanying .CSV's generated by use of the coord_script.

----